e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.exe
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.deps.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.runtimeconfig.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dapper.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.MoneyChangeAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.MoneyChangeAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.MoneyChangeAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.MoneyChangeAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\MoneyChangeAPI.styles.css
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyCha.F18CED5C.Up2Date
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.exe
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.deps.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.runtimeconfig.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Dapper.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\sni.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\unix\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\netcoreapp2.1\System.Data.SqlClient.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.AssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.MoneyChangeAPI.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.MoneyChangeAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.MoneyChangeAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.MoneyChangeAPI.props
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\MoneyChangeAPI.styles.css
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyCha.F18CED5C.Up2Date
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.pdb
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.genruntimeconfig.cache
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\MoneyChangeAPI.dll
e:\OneDrive\cgrojasr\OneDrive\Documents\Laboral\UPC\Desarrollo Web\NET Core\MoneyChangeAPI\obj\Debug\net8.0\MoneyChangeAPI.sourcelink.json
